
ideas for lich king game

DO NOT encumber player based on what is being carried in inventory
	give them a magic bag of holding that stores all that shit.
	-- Actually, given the design where the player can easily collect
		virtually infinite items like rusty iron swords from the ville, 
		we should definitely encumber the player based on mass carried.
		Maximum carry capacity could be based on strength stat.
		Strength *2.5 units == carry capacity
			units are encumberance-units, based on how encumbering an item is.
			Called "cubic kilos"
			An item with optimum ergonomic carrying ability has a cubic kilo
			measurement equal to its mass in kilograms. Anything less than
			optimal incurs an additional amount of cubic kilos
				Basically encumberance*mass from Softly rolled into one stat
		Carry capacity encompasses both carried and equipped gear.
			Carried items, though, cost extra carry capacity compared to equipped
			gear -- equipped gear adds 3/4 as much cubic kilos to your total
				this is reduced further to 1/2 if the gear is fitted to you
		
	
Stats and what they do:
	speed
		increases speed of movement
	jump
		a little bit of extra jump makes a huge change.
			Should therefore become exponentially more difficult to acquire.
		not likely to be altered very much during gameplay except by gear / spells
			maybe you can only gain 2 jump (total of 3.5) at most through normal means, but with gear and spells you can achieve much higher like values of 5, 6, etc. Could go crazy like Morrowind w/ rare Icarian flight spell.
	acceleration - not likely to be altered during gameplay
	life max - obvious
	mana max
		mana is needed and is consumed when casting spells.
	stamina max
		stamina is needed to attack and cast spells and is consumed when doing so.
		It is consumed when running, jumping, ...
		Ratio of stamina : maximum affects your ability to do any task!
		It regenerates over time rapidly, as a proportion of maximum (e.g. 20% / second)
	strength
		increases power of all physical attacks
	wisdom
		increases power of all spells
	pow_fire, etc.
		increases the power of fire (or w/e element) spells.
	res_...
		damage = damage * 100/resistance

Enchanting
	To get elemental damage on a weapon (called enchanting), you have to
		expend Mana. This can be for a duration or quasi-permanent where you
		sacrifice a portion of your max mana pool and give it to the weapon.
		Of course you have to have the enchanting spell (fire enchant, etc.)
	
Leveling up:
	you gain experience for every enemy you fight (or just kill for simplicity)
	when you level up you gain maximum HP, stamina and mana
	Could be like Morrowind -- only level up when you "meditate on what you've learned"
		Also skill progression based -- e.g. level up sword skill -> general level up
		Choose what to focus on -- HP, stamina, or mana
	Progression other than generally leveling up involves leveling up weapon skills, magic skills, and strength/wisdom which are derived from the former, respectively. (Just like KF)
	
Save Points
	can't just save anywhere
	Also function as Warp Points
		act as both receptacles for warp keys, as well as warp rings for casting warp (unlike KF) AND save points, all rolled into one object
		can only be used when you have the correct colored wand for the key (exactly like KF)
	
Swimming:
	like Minecraft e.g. you sink slowly, with very low terminal velocity, but you can go upward by holding the jump key.
	idea: amount of swimming upward movement, as well as horiztonal movement speed while submerged is based on your strength(?) and encumberance ratio (if fully encumbered, you sink no matter what).
	
	
Quests:

	In the temple canton, there is an entryway into the sewer leading from the South side (right-side in top-down view) which leads further South into the main sewage system. Under the temple canton in the sewage there, there's a sign scrawled on the wall or such saying "I dropped the key" next to a grate in the floor, indicating the key is deeper underground (in the sewers). Going back South to the main sewer system you can venture deep underground to find the key. This also leads to an even deeper underground mine? Which is connected with the interior of the large castle walls.